hello earthlings speak esma and lithium and I will talk about the coca-cola
what is the coca cola
well the cola is an effervescent soda sold
restaurants and vending machines in more than 200 countries
is produced by the coca-cola company
at first when it was invented by pharmacist john pemberton it was a
patented medicine although it was later acquired by the employer to
follow stansted whose marketing tactics made the drink one of the
most consumed of the 20th century
the company actually produces a concentrate of coca cola which it then sells
to several licensed bottling companies
which mix the contemplated with filtered water and sweeteners for
subsequently sell and distribute the drink in cans and bottles in the
retail or wholesale
there are also variants of coca-cola
manufactured by the same company as the coca-cola country and the cola-cola 10
others are the coca cola without caffeine coca cola cola coca cola cola vanilla
zero coca cola among others advanced especially like lemon flavor
what was the history of coca cola
the coca-cola was created in 1886 for it a temperton in the pharmacy jacobs of the
city ​​of atlanta
with a mixture of coca leaves and cola seeds wanted to create a remedy
that began being marketed as a medicine that relieved the pain of
head and disguised the nausea then it was sold in its formation as a
remedy that soothed the seventh 5 cents the glass
brian robinson called him Coca-Cola and with his calligraphy designed
the current logo of the dahl brand becoming famous the drink and 1886 you
offered to its creator to sell it in all united states denver presented the
offer of leisure the pomona and his company in 33 thousand 300 dollars and opened
several ambassadors in states
later a group of lawyers bought the company made that Coca-Cola will reach
everyone
Brescia and Milan
companies became the coca-cola company
many people will wonder what their formula is if the avilés
the formula is a trade secret
an urban legend says that only two managers have access to it
On February 15, 2011 the Clarín newspaper revealed that a
a group of accidental detectives found the list of ingredients of the
coca cola 1
although the refreshment company denied that these statements were critical
Several media outlets had already revealed the recipe
the recipe is as follows as published
fluid extract of coca 3 bring more citric acid three ounces silver and the
unorca sugar 30 amount
5 carlón neymar football the chinese pirates quarter mile 1 ounce
candy 1 5 one more step
colors flavors and refuges of the insurgents we are to look for
the reelection
to the colocho
interest rates
score 20 votes to six shocks
with 30 votes 20 years ago
things ended
you choose cinnamon boots
the the photograph used for him
it is a written copy
original of pyongyang
of reception
stories and medicines and past
the interest for generations 1
usually these of the formula of coca-cola is an enigma and there are
Several legends about this famous drink
another very curious fact is that coca-cola has
many blessings to all the parties in power
there goes the text
the first delivery of coca-cola was the coca-cola cherry in 1985 based on the
mixture of beer syrup and coca cola was approved
782 and launched worldwide in 1985
years later coca cola-ciel richter was launched
We continue with coca cola que pont who was introduced in the USA in 2002 and
then taken to other countries
6 min was withdrawn from the market
the American and replaced by the coca-cola blackberry boy
then the Coca-Cola entity continues in 2004 perhaps in response to the
Growing popularity of the low carb diet
from the state of arizona
closed up low on
nickname coca cola g2
two images we can do
and even the vanilla coca cola and the zero cola
follow the coca-cola 1
North America in the first four-month period
flavor of the coca-cola company
thin of the sambadrome
new Zealand
5 5 and was discontinued towards the end of the same year
then Coca-Cola m 5 is only available
federation of bosnia and herzegovina germany
italy spain mexico and brazil left the year 2005
with coca cola of the society and of specialized the year 2006 and was
replaced
in July 2007 for vanilla coca cola by popular demand
then coca cola de alicante is a soft drink that mixes the flavor of coca
tail with the backpack
It was introduced by the company in France at the beginning of 2006 and in
united states on April 3 of the same
if the coca-cola while the afternoon
2006 is only available in Bosnia and Herzegovina
New Zealand and Japan
then coca cola from the past
launched in 2006
only available france started
montero we give to the coca-cola orange boats the year 2007
it was the first with the heart
just be ready
with the announcements of
although those of Coca-Cola are always characterized by the controversy that knows
these events is characterized by including
the best known coca cola spouses are
1980 'the spark of life' 2001 for all
the winds bounce him 2004 from the pita pita of 2006 we are together world of
soccer 2006
2006 insults
in 2007 generation of the eighties 2007 the factory of happiness
2007-2008 shooting stars
2009 today I want a Latin American version of the 2010 order uncover happiness 2011
There are reasons to believe
world best coca-cola also has a tradition of advertising using santa
Claus the General Mena
is fulfilling dreams at Christmas and at the end taking a soda like
reward
the process was all friends
I would like to inform you that next week I will talk about the sole accordion xp
goodbye